In the city of Los Angeles, there were a group of high school boys who loved to play video games together. After their classes they all got together and played video games to prepare for their upcoming first-person shooter tournament. The group of boys are Albert Pool, Roman Orton, Allen Jefferies, John Theodore, and Mike Staffa. They all met each other through a classroom that they were in together. During their freshman year the teacher asked the class” who all is interested in first-person shooters?”. Out of the entire classroom, only the five boys raised their hands. Then eventually all five of them had got to know each other and ever since then they became good friends and played the game as a group ever since then. The reason why they are devoting so much time to practice is to reach their dream of becoming professional gamers that have a lot of publicity and wealth. They always had a passion for playing games and when the opportunity for fame and net worth came, they saw after it with no hesitation. As the days went on, the team devoted an enormous amount of hours to the video game sessions, but Roman slowly showed signs that he could not keep up with his teammates. During games, he would sometimes be leave for long periods of time and would never log back on to continue the sessions. Despite that, Roman would still try to join sessions and keep his teammates aware that nothing was wrong. After 4 weeks of dedication to practicing headshots, 360- no scopes, camper sniping, and much more, the day had finally arrived for their virtual FPS tournament. As the contestants lined up, the group noticed that Roman did not look well at all. Nevertheless, he continued to persuade everyone that things were okay. As the matches continued, the group eventually made it to the finals of the tournament. During the final match, the opposing team was a rough match for the heroes. They pulled off tactics that Roman and the gang did not prepare for. A lot of the campers managed to snipe Roman’s team left and right, but through sheer force of will, the team managed to come out the victors. After winning the prize and successfully getting sponsored by big time companies, the group decided to have a celebration party at their place in the countryside. Things slowly took a turn for the worst unfortunately because after the party was over, Roman decided to go to the bathroom but did not come back. Not only that but the power went out. Their short glimmer of bliss turned into a nightmare and now it is up to you as the player to save them from this dire situation. After the lights went off, the group decided the best course of action was to find Roman. To do that, they thought about all the possible light sources, they could use.